( Watch on Kissasia.vip )
What are you up to?
Chen Yanyun.
You hide state secrets.
That's treason.
Do you really think you can
find the files in the Ji Mansion?
I already had the files
sent to His Majesty at the palace.
Yet you're willing to be a pawn
at Fu Hailian's mercy.
Now you've been discarded.
Your future is ruined.
By the laws of Great Yan,
if a son accuses his father,
regardless of the father's crime,
the son shall receive 40 cane strokes.
I just lashed you 40 times.
Not one more,
not one less.
Since you sent word
for me to come to Tongzhou,
I'll spare your life.
I'll have you taken out of the capital.
From now on,
we are done with each other for good.
A grand councilor's nephew
turns out to be a bandit's son.
Deceiving the emperor,
for minor offenses,
stripped of all titles,
for grave ones,
imprisonment or exile.
What's more,
he's also guilty of murder.
Xuanqing.
Chen Yi, hurry.
Fetch the doctor.
Yes.
What did you do?
No need.
You swallowed poison.
Spit it out.
I didn't want you dead.
Why do this?
Uncle,
I've always admired you.
Ever since I was little,
I've tried to emulate you in everything.
But I've always hesitated,
lingering in indecision.
I've long fallen for her, yet only
wished to become someone like you.
I thought
someday
I could have it all just like you.
But in the end I realized
I don't have half your clarity,
not even a fraction.
Now my career,
love, life,
all ruined.
One wrong step leads to endless regret.
No need to save me.
Xuanqing.
Why are you here?
I heard from Yao
that Xuanqing
is dead.
He came here
resolved to die.
He even took poison.
Fu Hailian pressured him over Yunting.
What about Yunting?
Also dead.
Before I came,
Shuntian Prefecture
already sent word to the manor,
claiming it was an accidental drowning.
I first met Xuanqing nine years ago.
He was
thin and small,
quiet and reserved.
His eyes
looked exactly like
his birth father's.
Mother
wants to remove Xuanqing's name
from the family registry.
I'd like to hear your thoughts.
It is
up to you.
Fine.
Sir,
Chen Yi,
Chen Yanyun's man, just came.
He said Chen Yanyun
has a message for you.
What is it?
Chen Xuanqing failed.
He took poison and died.
Sir,
what do you think
Chen Yanyun means by this?
Is he
trying to threaten you?
He's telling me
he's putting all the blame
on me.
He wouldn't dare.
Should we get some censors
to make a case out of this?
After all,
Chen Xuanqing died because of him.
Forget it.
To defy me,
Chen Yanyun
has handed over all the case files
hidden in the record office for a decade
to His Majesty.
What a bold pledge of allegiance.
Finally won His Majesty's trust.
If I
press further now,
I'll be going against His Majesty.
But doesn't His Majesty
always heed your will?
Watch your words.
Don't speak so recklessly again.
Unless absolutely necessary,
don't cross His Majesty.
Forgive my loose tongue.
You don't realize.
His Majesty has grown up lately.
Many in the court
await him to take power.
Grandmother and I have discussed it.
Our whole family, except me and Yanyun,
will leave Tongzhou for a while.
Move to Songjiang Prefecture.
What?
Why?
Go all the way
to Songjiang?
Indeed.
We do have
some business
in Songjiang.
But our main ventures
are all in the north.
If we all move to Songjiang,
we'll lose hold of
our northern business.
Mother.
I can travel back and forth.
You…
You already knew about this?
How could you not
say a word
about something so important?
Alright.
Since
Jinzhao and Yanyun have said so,
we'll do as told.
It pains me to
make you all leave your home.
I offer my sincere apology
to you all.
Yanyun.
Please don't say that.
Your humble apology
puts me to shame.
Please be seated.
You know
the Ji Mansion's
prosperity today
is all thanks to Yanyun's care.
And this move to Songjiang,
he's doing it for our good.
Yes, yes.
After all,
we're family.
Aunt.
Uncle.
Yanyun truly feels
he has wronged our family.
Jinzhao is right.
Ever since I placed
those case files here,
I've put
your entire household
on the line of fire.
The feud between
Fu Hailian and me
has nearly brought ruin to the family.
I still tremble at the thought.
Relations
between Fu Hailian and I
will only
grow worse.
Thus I beg Madam Ji to
take you to Songjiang and lie low.
I don't want to leave.
If the capital is dangerous,
and Jinzhao stays,
I want to stay too.
Don't be willful.
Sit down.
Given the situation,
only if you move to Songjiang
can I feel at ease.
You've already decided,
why ask for our opinions now?
Should I address you
as Mr. Chen
or brother-in-law?
Now I ask you,
my brother-in-law, I wanna
take my sister to Songjiang with me,
is that okay with you?
Why ask him?
You should ask me.
I won't go.
Ask your brother-in-law
if he can do without me.
Without me,
he can't do anything.
I swear to you all,
I will protect Jinzhao with my life.
If any harm befalls her,
I will lay down my life.
Yanyun,
you don't have to say that.
Ji Feng.
Ma'am.
Tell the servants
to pack up immediately.
Yes.
You make it sound
as if I am the villain.
Get everyone ready to depart.
Yes.
Jinzhao.
You and Yanyun must be careful.
After I see them off to Jining,
I'll return to the capital to help you.
Brother.
I agreed to go to Songjiang
to put my mother's mind at ease.
Don't try to persuade me.
I cannot bear
to leave you alone
here in the capital.
I have Yanyun with me.
Precisely because he is here,
I worry all the more.
Enough talk.
It's decided.
What's wrong?
Yao says he'll
stay in the capital to help us.
Chen Yanyun lacks moral integrity,
and brings unrest to his household,
unworthy of his post as court minister.
He abuses power in court and indulges in debauchery,
defying all ethics and honor,
colludes with merchants,
forms factions, deceives Your Majesty.
I beg Your Majesty
to thoroughly investigate his misdeeds.
Yanyun.
Chen Yanyun.
Don't you dare leave me.
I won't leave you.
I'm right here.
Always will be.
It's alright.
Why are we at Baoxiang Temple?
You're awake.
Put me down.
I can walk on my own.
Stay still.
I simply wish to carry you.
This is a temple after all.
I believe the Buddha
blesses true love between mortals.
That's right.
Jinzhao,
you should smile like that more often.
As long as we're both safe and well,
I'll be happy every day.
I'm sorry, Jinzhao.
Why do you apologize?
Your family
dote on you so deeply,
but what I do
isn't even a fraction of that.
Those concerns you had
before marrying me
were absolutely right.
What's this about?
Are you thinking
of bringing out the divorce paper
and letting me go?
Not a chance.
Without you,
I can't do anything.
Stop it.
Fine.
If we could start over,
would you still marry me?
Even earlier.
We're here.
Mr. Chen.
A distinguished guest has arrived.
Understood.
I'll be right back.
Don't catch a chill.
Please come in.
The Second Prince of the northern steppe
has killed his brother and seized the throne.
Rebels have stormed the trading town of Shi City,
and injured many Great Yan citizens.
The military dispatch
arrived by express courier
has everyone worried about border unrest.
Yet Fu Hailian remains unruffled,
For days now, he has offered
no proper solution. He even claims
the situation is well under control,
telling me not to worry.
In my view, he's already
colluding with the Northern Barbarians.
His proposals to cut military spending
and reduce border garrisons,
all meant to stir trouble at the frontier,
forcing me
to rely on him again,
so he can keep a tight grip on power.
Your Majesty's speculation
is not unfounded.
But
there's no hard evidence.
After all he has done to you,
you still defend him?
I am not
defending him.
It's just...
He's the foremost civil official.
Without conclusive proof
to condemn him
will stir court chaos at the least,
at worst, it will
shake the foundation of the realm.
Then we shall investigate.
I intend to
send an envoy to congratulate
the Second Prince on his ascension,
and to probe the border situation.
What do you think, Chen Yanyun?
Your Majesty,
that is an excellent plan.
Even Fu Hailian
could not object.
However,
the choice of envoy stumps me.
There are few
I can truly trust
in the entire court.
Your Majesty.
He's not the right choice.
Why?
Because I intend to go.
You?
You are not qualified enough.
As the heir of Lord Changxing
and Commander of the Xuanfeng Guard,
I'm more qualified than you.
Don't forget,
you currently
hold no official post.
Precisely because of that,
His Majesty has reason to send me.
Those with official duties
dare not take this mission.
And those who dare
cannot get the job done.
Your Majesty.
I understand your intention.
But
may I humbly ask Your Majesty
to allow me
to consult my wife first?
What?
It's a matter of state.
You cannot decide for yourself?
It's a fine chance for your reinstatement.
I can
make the decision myself.
But
I once nearly brought ruin
upon the entire Ji household.
I already
owe Jinzhao a great apology.
We both know full well
what lies
behind the border unrest.
An envoy to the northern steppe
will face great peril.
I must
speak plainly to my wife.
Fine.
Bring Gu Jinzhao here.
No need for you to explain.
I'll persuade her myself.
Yes, Your Majesty.
You asked His Majesty to protect
the Ji family from any fallout.
That's fine.
But you also
asked for three hundred muskets.
Do you know
that of these new muskets,
the entire arsenal
only has three hundred?
Lords Jingyuan and Wuqing
have long coveted them
yet not one was granted.
That's exactly why
you cannot ask for
something like this.
Only a naive woman like me
can make such an outrageous demand.
You'll take all those muskets
with you.
Indeed.
Thanks to you, Jinzhao.
If not for you,
I would have been at a loss again.
At a loss?
Nonsense.
Don't think I don't know.
You have long been eager to go.
The Chunyuan remnants are all there.
You are anxious
to gather evidence against Fu Hailian.
Yeah.
I do hope
to find proof of his crimes.
Yet truth be told,
I would rather find none at all.
I know,
deep down,
you still cherish
your bond as teacher and student.
But
he feels no such regard for you.
If you journey to the northern steppe,
he will surely lay
a deadly trap
waiting for you.
Why not go pray at the temple?
In such grave matters,
I would rather trust you
and myself,
not gods or Buddhas.
I bid you farewell,
master.
The road ahead is long and distant,
take care of yourself.
After this parting,
we know not when we shall meet again.
I have one question.
Do you still remember
after the metropolitan exam years ago
when Fengming and I
called at your residence
to pay our respects?
I do not recall.
I suppose not.
You were not home that day.
Yet Fengming and I
knew nothing of it.
After breakfast that morning,
we went straight to your manor.
We waited 6 full hours
before being shown to the side hall.
We never got to see you in the end,
but were given a policy essay to write.
I seem to have faint recollection.
After finishing the essay,
I returned home only to find
the moon already high in the sky.
I slept less than 4 hours
before Mother woke me at dawn
and said an invitation
had arrived from your mansion,
asking me to come again early in the morning.
I still remember clearly to this day
the first words you spoke to me
when we met.
You said,
Chen Yanyun,
you ought to have failed
the metropolitan exam.
I said that?
You also said
the reason you
failed me
was because of the essay I wrote
during the exam.
It was far too accurate.
Not well-written.
But far too accurate.
Back then,
you were set on promoting new policies,
yet had very few supporters.
The content of my essay
matched exactly
what was in your heart.
Thus you thought
I was either
unusually wise
or far too skilled
at reading others' minds.
And you have never liked
that kind of person.
Even to this day,
I still don't.
Do you still remember
the policy essay
you set for me alone?
The topic was
the rise and fall of reform,
and the gains and faults of the new policies.
I wrote five full pages.
But in the end, you told me
the whole lengthy essay
boiled down to just eight words.
"For the people's benefit,"
"regardless of personal cost."
From that day on,
those eight words
have been carved into my mind
and printed on my heart.
What exactly are you trying to say?
Sir,
Fengming is dead.
Once,
for the sake of the new policies,
for land equalization, for you,
we were willing to die.
But now look
what has become
of it all.
I bathed
in the grace of your teachings,
and received your kindness as a master.
I hold this debt deep in my heart
and know not how to repay it.
I only beg you
to stay true.
He's long gone.
Why linger here still?
I just
need some time to myself.
You don't need to worry about him.
On this mission to the northern steppe,
he knows full well Fu Hailian
will move against him.
So he openly broke with him
before the entire court.
This way, if Fu Hailian tries
to harm the envoy party,
it'll look like
nothing but personal vengeance.
Your husband
is deep and calculating.
He will not be outwitted.
Thank you.
What for?
For comforting me.
I am doing no such thing.
All of you, step down.
I've heard
before the envoy's departure,
Chen Yanyun openly rebuked you
and cut off all ties with you.
He did that on purpose.
Truly a clever ploy.
Yet what does it matter?
No matter what schemes he lays,
he will never return from this journey.
Is everything arranged?
Good.
If not for fear he might dig deeper
and uncover the Chunyuan Sect,
I would never
have sought his life.
What a pity.
I once truly considered
letting him take my place.
Pity.
I'm heading to Western Hills tomorrow.
Take charge of Baopu
while I am gone.
Alright.
I didn't expect
you'd gotten this fat.
Thanks.
For what?
I still have things to do
in the office.
Hey.
We had a deal.
Keep Gu Jinzhao company for a few days.
You're backing out again.
It was me
who took care of you.
I fed you for so long.
Just a few days with Ye Xian
and you've turned into this?
Such an ungrateful cat.
Hey.
What did you say?
How could you say that to a cat?
Madam.
Sir.
Urgent secret report just arrived.
The envoy party was ambushed in Shi City.
Only two men made it back to the capital.
Overnight,
all the others vanished without a trace.
What?
What about him?
Mr. Chen
is also missing.
Gu Jinzhao.
I'm fine.
As expected.
Do you recall
the names of the two who returned?
Yes.
They are from the Censorate:
Lin Ruhui and Zhou Chudong.
I know those two.
They are Fu Hailian's men.
It seems
Fu Hailian's next move
is to strike at the entire Chen Manor.
Logically speaking,
with the envoy ambushed,
Yanyun is presumed dead.
But if Fu Hailian means to
destroy the Chen household,
he will fabricate blame for the ambush
and pin it entirely on Yanyun.
I see!
I want to see His Majesty.
Okay.
I'll arrange it.
The weather is dry,
be careful with fire.
Even if you had not come to me,
I would have sent for you.
Two censors
have fled back from Shi City.
They bring a letter from
the Second Prince addressed to Yanyun.
It proves he colluded with the Northern Barbarians
to ambush the envoy party.
The court ministers insist the entire
Chen household be imprisoned and investigated.
Your Majesty,
Yanyun is innocent.
I know that full well.
My hidden spies
have sent word:
after the ambush,
he had every chance to escape.
Liang,
I'm putting the envoy party in your hands.
Shi City is ringed by mountains.
Once you flee,
find a place to lie low.
Let both the imperial court and the northern steppe
believe the envoy party has perished entirely.
Only then
will we minimize the danger.
Chen Yi,
you stay with them
and protect Liang.
Yes, sir.
But after that,
no more news came.
No news
is better than bad news.
Thank you, Your Majesty,
for telling me this.
The greatest trouble now
is that letter
allegedly exchanged
with the Second Prince.
With Yanyun missing,
he has no way to defend himself.
Your Majesty,
I have a plan
that can prove
Yanyun would never betray you.
What's this?
Last year,
Yanyun told me you ordered
the arsenal to forge cannons,
yet progress was slow.
So he bade me send men
to Macao to purchase them.
Before Yanyun left,
you bestowed upon me
three hundred muskets.
Now,
I am willing to return them all
to you, Your Majesty.
One hundred small Farangi cannons,
fifty large Farangi cannons,
ten massive falcons,
and ten cannon-making craftsmen.
These were all purchased from Macao
in the first half of the year
and offered to me by Chen Yanyun.
If he truly
colluded with the Northern Barbarians,
why would he have these cannons
bought for me from afar?
Shouldn't he have bought them
for the Second Prince?
In my view, the ones
who should be strictly investigated
are not the women and children
of the Chen household,
but those two censors
who escaped with their hides intact
while the entire party went missing.
Jinzhao.
Are you really going to the border
to find Yanyun?
I don't trust the court.
Besides,
I sent Qingpu out
a long time ago,
and there's been no news.
If I don't go myself,
I can't rest easy.
Do not worry for me.
I have business
in Pingyang Prefecture.
I have resources, I have people.
I'll be fine.
Then please be careful.
After Mother heard the news,
she took to her bed.
She insisted on coming just now.
It was no easy task calming her down.
Are you truly
resolved to go?
Sis, these are
the sacrificial fields
Yanyun acquired over the years.
No matter what happens,
these lands will secure
the family's livelihood
without want.
I understand.
But I'm only
keeping them for you temporarily.
When you return,
I'll give them back.
Take the utmost care
along the road.
Okay?
Okay.
Thank you.
Take care of yourself
while looking for Yanyun.
You too.
Take care of yourself
and Mother.
I won't bid her formal farewell.
Alright.
Jinzhao,
please stay safe.
Take care.